Bankruptcy as long as I'm around
Gorgeous can't go bankrupt
We will never become old laos
What are you?
Breeze, aren't you just the soles of your feet predicting that earthquake?
You still want to save Gorgeous
This is wishful thinking.
Do you really think you are a great scientist?
It's just a prediction of an earthquake
You are a door-to-door waste
Mengxue, don't worry.
I will soon develop the latest mobile phone
I'll take this phone then.
Lead us to be gorgeous
Towards the pinnacle of world technology
Come on, what are you bragging about?
Mengxue
If you don't want to be gorgeous and go bankrupt, you will become an old man
You should quickly sell the gorgeous to Hu Shao
Gorgeous is about the dignity of the nation
Did you lose this letter?
There is absolutely no way he will sell you. You are going to piss me off.
Hahaha
Meng Xue, aren't you afraid of gorgeous bankruptcy?
Waiting for Gorgeous to go bankrupt is not national dignity
Even your family is going to build bridges and caves
Drink the northwest wind
Don't worry if Gorgeous will go bankrupt or not.
Haicheng vacation next week
The village will hold the first-class technology selection award
The first place can get a 100 million bonus
Gorgeous, I will take it with all my strength when the time comes.
Mengxue, don't worry.
When I made this smartphone and got it
All capital
Will scramble to cooperate with me
Still daydreaming
Since you don't know how to raise
Then wait until you enter Qiao Cave to drink the northwest wind.
Why is your whole world so bad?
Why do you keep thinking about letting the couple go bankrupt?
Yeah, they saved our lives anyway
No more nonsense!
My mouth is longer than yours
You wait for me.
Hit the technology boxing sword
I let you lose miserably